Added container_name to solve 'no such container' errors (#4)
Kaiede/docker-minecraft-bedrock-backup: README.md

      - /opt/bedrock/server:/server
```

> The service should always depend on all the bedrock servers listed in your `docker-compose.yml` file. We want to let the minecraft servers start before taking a backup on launch. You may also consider setting a `container_name` for each server that will be backed up as somes Docker will assign a different container name with a prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service should always depend on all the bedrock servers listed in your `docker-compose.yml` file. We want to let the minecraft servers start before taking a backup on launch. It is recommended to set `container_name` for each server that will be backed up as docker-compose will assign one automatically if it isn’t set, and this simplifies configuring the backup service. 
```
